[Music]
hello hearts how are you okay
tremendous involuntary zasca from the
television factory to kiko hernandez to
jorge javier and the rest of sálvame
because well they have decided to publish and
broadcast the second season already announced
a year ago by rocio carrasco not
the second season of the documentary
where she is going to expose the mohedano no
where to stop it leaves it fatal because dog doesn't
eat dog well they have
decided to put it on the paid
platform that imitates youtube I saw tele
or tele plus you know that telecinco has
several platforms imitating
youtube and trying to more or less plagiarize
the format when they saw that there were people
making a very good living with a large
audience on these types of platforms not
instagram seen youtube they created
the en ti matt this one called which is
where they upload videos
in the style of youtube fully not in you
more and you see uploading videos of the
contestants of reality shows like the island
of temptations big brother
men and women and vice versa
they start uploading every week there
video blog what is it  as if they were
youtubers but on that platform instead
of youtube and then there's my tele plum
which is where telecinco makes
its content pay you have to pay there's vélez
rate I think the cheapest one costs
three euros three euros and a bit and you can
pay subscribe if you pay a
monthly fee with which you can see the
paid content this time the
content is going to be paid in the
domus series by rocio carrasco the second
season I think they have a
strategy to hide the drops in
audiences or even to scrape
a few euros today who knows I don't think it will be
very successful but where are the
mockery and laughter that they
made to antonio david flores for being
on youtube because they said that
youtubers were asking for lemons nidia no what we
were there
living well living not surviving
on the lemons that our fans gave us so well I would
like to know
why they can ask for alms and
they can't give us any made a super
chat member in fact I'm going to propose
a challenge okay I'm going to propose a challenge
who  whoever wants to is whoever doesn't it's okay
because here you already know that all the
content is free and you can watch whatever
you want absolutely free there's a
button down there to become a
member of this channel member I don't
put exclusive content simply
because you collaborate with the channel and you become
part of the family and stand out in the
chat period okay but I'm going to propose
a challenge we
will be able to be more members here
than what you're going to do on my plum TV
to watch the hito rice series there it is
okay whoever becomes a member watching
well I want you to comment on the video I
already am whoever is already a member of the channel
okay and whoever becomes a member as a result of
this video okay click there to join
put it is 90 cents a month whoever wants to is
whoever doesn't continue enjoying the
free content put it also in
the comments to count more or
less let's see how many comments there are ave
how many people become members there are almost a
thousand of us I think we were like 900 800 something that
in two weeks is what
we have so that we have something serious let's see
How many of us are there? Open a lemon account, they don't
give us family. Tremendous, they take out Kiko
Hernández, leaving him trembling, leaving him
toothless and completely exposed. In
this case, he will not mess
with the people who earn lemon again. A
hug, family. See you in the next
video, which will be very soon. A kiss.
[Music]